Link to completed Codepen assignment: https://codepen.io/ldeaton0/pen/pobwRqY?editors=1100

    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
            Semantic HTML is what gives a program meaning
    2. What is HTML used for? 
            They're a markup language to create pages for the internet.
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it?  
            They are used to direct a tag further details about its self.
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
            Heading, normally used once and specifically for the main point of the page or title.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes.
            Img and a.
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
            Title, style, meta, link, script, and base tags and information.
    7. What is an id? 
            Can be referenced as #. Is used for one element due to its uniqueness.
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
            heading tags, anchor tags, 
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page?
            1 time total. 
    10. What is a class? 
            a class is assigned to a group of elements so you can style them similarly in css.  These do not need to be unique or only once but can be referenced using the "." in css
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
            any HTML element can have a tag.
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
            there is no limit
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
            target="_blank"
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
            it allows you to provide additional information about that image. 
    15. How do I reference an id?
            #
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
            a section is a container almost like it is what holds other tags but semantically keeps the code clean.
            a div is a container as well but it is more for styling because the section may have a few divs (children) in it.
    17. What is CSS used for? 
            styling
    18. How do we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
            h2 {

            }
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
            a class would be used when you want, for instance, several of the same elements of a page to have the same styling applied.
            an id would be used for something unique that wouldn't need styled the same throughout the page but also could be called to, such as a heading so that you can go from top of the page to middle of the page where a specific heading lies.
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
            .classname {

            }
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human”?
            since there is only one class of human, you can just call the class rather than the p 
            .human {

            }
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful?
            parent child selector is  selects all elements inside the parent and then you can style them the same.
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
            .sidebar a:link {
                
            }
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
            similar to when you hover over an item, it allows you to style an element to react.
    25. What do we use to change the spacing between lines?
            line-height: #px;
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
            letter-spacing: #px;
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
            text-transform: uppercase; text-transform: lowercase; text-transform: capitalize;
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
            div {
                border: 1px dotted black;
            }
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
            * {

            }
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
            /* comment goes here */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
            pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
            ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
            rm   you have to becareful with this because it goes away for good.
    34. Why should I use version control? 
            to ensure you don't lose important code and/or to be able to revert back if you ever need to.
    35. How often should I commit to github?
            every 20 mins
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
            git push -u origin branch-name
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
            Fork on Git hub, 
            choose --your username'
            ensure forked version - your username/titleOfProject
            add pm as collaborator in settings 
            clone repo, copy
            add.git URI to terminal by stating "git clone (url)"
            Branch: firstName-lastName then run git branch
            git push, add, etc.
            use fork as base fork - compare across forks(top left of github)
            compare&pull
            add your PM to review the project by opening Pull request (PR) and assign requestor.
            review
            PM will now accept the merge request and ACCEPT THE CHANGES.
Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
            inline elements will not move to a new line and only takes up as much space as it is. vs block elements take up the entire width left to right after starting on a new line.
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 

    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
            flex
    4. Name 3 elements that are display block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
            3 block: p, header, div
            2 inline: span, i
            1 inline-block: button
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 
            All elements in html have a box around them. Their position can be manipulated by margin, border, and padding. We can respect its width by measuring margin, border, and padding left and right of the object/content.


   --> 